Snerp Vortex is an anagram of SVN Exporter.  It aims to be a faster,
more reliable way to convert repositories from Subversion to Git than
using git-svn and various abandonment techniques.

I started this project because the svn-to-git methods I'd read about
and tried were slow and produced unsatisfying results.

Snerp Vortex replays a Subversion repository dump into a local
directory, creating a new repository snapshot at each revision.  It
will then perform some not-Subversion's repository action, such as
"git commit -a".  The end result is a new repository with the
significant history of the old one.

"Significant" because some Subversion changes (such as property
changes) don't map to other systems.

Usage is simple.  See "./snerp --help".

I consider this program to be "alpha" quality.  It seems to work in a
limited test, exporting POE's Subversion repository in about 18
minutes (2751 revisions).  Unfortunately Snerp Vortex is not properly
tested yet.  I'm not certain how good the resulting exports are.
Please give it a try, and let me know how it goes.

Special note for Mac OS X users:  Get yourselves a case-sensitive
filesystem.  This is easier done than said.  Disk Utility can create
empty random-access disk images with the filesystems of your choice.
They mount in /Volumes and are accessible like any other filesystem.
I'm using a 500MB one for testing.

I have only recently discovered git-fast-import.  I wish I knew about
it sooner.  Snerp Vortex is flexible enough to use it later, with a
potentially huge improvement in speed.

============
Design Notes
============

Smerp Vortex doesn't trust Subversion branches yet.  There are
multiple kinds of branch, some of which don't map to Git's idea of
branches.  For example, there's the branch that is someone's personal
scratch workspace.  Then there's the branch intended to be merged back
later.  Snerp Vortex takes the conservative approach, treating all
branches as directories for now.  Better heuristics are welcome.

Tags and branches are defined by usage patterns, not by the
directories in which they live.  A Subversion copy can create either a
branch or a tag.  Branches are modified after copying, and tags are
not.  It's quite possible to svn-cp something into /tags and then
change it.  Snerp Vortex treats that as a branch.  Likewise, one may
svn-cp something into /branches and then ignore it.  Snerp Vortex
considers it a tag.

No attempt is made to split spin-off projects from the main project in
a repository.  In personal experience, spin-off projects are moved
from /trunk into some new directory, possibly also in trunk.  The
files are then modified there.  To preserve full history, I intend to
fork the main Git repository, delete everything but the spin-off, and
then reorganize the new repository.  Better plans are welcome.

Ideally, Snerp Vortex should remap directories and such on the fly as
it's replaying a Subversion dump into a Git repository.  For now I'm
willing to do that by hand afterwards.

Subversion can tag subdirectories within trunk.  After all, tags are
just directory copies.  Git cannot.  Subversion tags are translated to
Git by tagging HEAD at the relative moment when the Subversion tree
has been tagged.  Is there a better way to do this?
